Fix query negation in MongoDB (#814)
Materials-Consortia/optimade-python-tools: INSTALL.md

# Install package and dependencies in editable mode (including "dev" requirements).
pip install -e ".[dev]"

> # Retrieve a list of providers. (Without this list some of the test will fail because providers.json cannot be found.)

Reviewer: :tada: 

Think this is enough to close #370.

Very minor suggestion below:

```suggestion
# Optional: Retrieve the list of OPTIMADE providers. (Without this submodule, some of the tests will fail because "providers.json" cannot be found.)
```

Reviewer: We may also want to tweak the way the tests for the providers work, now that we have lots of fallbacks.

Author: I am not sure what you meant with this comment, so if you want me to do something, you should clarify what I shoudl do.

Reviewer: Think this is okay for now, I just noticed that the test failure that triggered this change for you might now be out of date.
